How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  When I create code, I like to take a methodical approach and determine what relies on each other. From here, I determine what can be broken out and stand by itself. This allows me to create functions that could be used in any class or project. After developing the modules that would be used the most, I began creating the main code and detemining if anything can be broken down into further functions. In the case of these projects, this was pretty easy for the CRUD functions. They were spelled out in the name. I made a create, read, update and delete function to access a databse and manipulate the data. This allowed me to take the smaller things and have all the pieces as I put the final picture together instead of having to go back and build something. The CRUD module can be used for any database manipulation.
  
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  I take a look at the requirements first and begin creating a checklist. This list allows me to ensure all of the customers requirements are met when I begin testing. Each item is worked on until a sucessful test is completed. My approach rarely changes as it continues to be sucessful. Whenever I run in to an issue in the future is when I will make adjustments as needed.
  
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer scientists create the foundatoin of society. Everything we interact with a computer scientist has touched at this point in our evolution. Without us, nothing would function or improve. Having a database that has the ability to be filtered with visuals is a huge thing. A lot of execs do not have a ton of time to look at the nitty gritty of the data, so having visuals allows them to see it better. Not only this, but having filters for specifics allows for an easier time sifting through the data.
